[Music]
[Applause]
we call a doctor
all the best doctors are dead I can't
remember it was a life ago isn't this
Comrade Stalin not safe in here I need
to stop writing together the plank how
could you run imply at the same time we
should get down this children oh no
you're not even a person testicle
everything's gonna be fine exactly fine
is it my first line there with his head
open
Stalin would have wanted the committee
as long all those in favor
Terry you animus Lee
ruched not first but not first would you
stop with this I want to make a speech
at my father's funeral no no problem
I think yes but practically when I said
no problem what I meant was no problem
ignore me mostly but I am very furious
you're the good guy now you locked up
half the nation
yes I'm not releasing
what you do
I've been picking out funeral cushions
with slim Hitler over there
first no.1
removing nothingness
don't worry nobody's gonna get killed I
promise you
[Music]
I've had nightmares that make no sense
unless
[Music]
I will not be silent